# My thoughts on each day

Writing this it is october 2022, im solving this in october because i'm kinda bored and wanna warm up my programming skills for december 2022.

- **Day 01:** Nice warm-up

- **Day 02:** We do a little maths

- **Day 03:** Copy pasting solution 1 bb

- **Day 04:** Brute ðŸ‘ Force

- **Day 05:** Yessss, RegEx my homie is back!!!

- **Day 06:** I should learn to read before entering my solution ðŸ˜“

- **Day 07:** First real challenge, quite enjoyable :D

- **Day 08:** Hex code representation? More like "6"

- **Day 09:** I didn't ~~steal~~ write a Dijkstra algo for this day nooo. Couldn't even use it because its TSP :|  Ended up brute forcing it lol

- **Day 10:** Fuck performance, ill wait those 2 seconds for my golden star lol. (recycling code FTW)

- **Day 11:** Trust me, writing the regex was faster than thinking of an algorithm :L (also code recycling FTW)

- **Day 12:** Okay most of my time was spent trying to make a RegEx for part 2 ðŸ˜“. As you can see: I failed.

- **Day 13:** Day 9 again :|

- **Day 14:** Part 1 was a nasty trick that was supposed to backfire on me for part 2. Jokes on the creator, I still did it with maths >:D

- **Day 15:** Ashamed of this one.

- **Day 16:** This one was pretty easy, both parts :)

- **Day 17:** Liked my solution for this one, am sure it can be improved upon a lot

- **Day 18:** Conways game of life goes brrr. I didn't enter the wrong answer 4 times because I forgot to change the amount of loops from test to real. I would never make such a stupid mistake noooooooo

- **Day 19:** Part 1 was easy, part 2 took some thinking but I ended up getting it first try! My chemistry teacher doesn't agree with the molecule though

- **Day 20:** Part 1: doable. Part 2: help (Also thx [`@de-grote`](https://github.com/de-grote/) for having more than 2 braincells). By ~~doing~~ stealing fancy maths, I brought down execution time from 7 minutes down to >2 seconds.

- **Day 21:** Part 1 was doable. It took me longest trying to figure out how to get the ring combinations. Part 2 put me through living hell because I had a typo in the store. I had the `Armour +3` ring set to `+2`. A redditor ended up pointing it out to me, thanks `u/semi225599`! 

- **Day 22:** Decided to give day 22 another shot after a year, and it was pretty easy. Still took me long enough because I flipped `player.shield - bossDMG`. Part 2 was just adding two lines, and fixing a bug introduced by a friend...

- **Day 23:** Depending on when you are reading this, you may notice that day 22 is not here. That is because I got fed up with it and decided to move on. Day 23 was actually quite easy, part 2 wasn't even a challenge.

- **Day 24:** Took a small break and attemtped to write my own smarter combinations algorithm. Lesson learnt: don't reinvent the wheel. Part 2 was a joke though :L

- **Day 25:** I have no clue what my code is doing because I solved this a year ago and I am not even sure if I came up with this myself ðŸ˜…